gh-128118: Improve performance of copy.copy by using a fast lookup for atomic and container types (#128119)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-12-20-10-57-10.gh-issue-128118.mYak8i.rst

> Improve performance of :func:`copy.copy` by adding a fast path for atomic types and container types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve performance of :func:`copy.copy` by 30% via
a fast path for atomic types and container types.
```

I think it's nice to know by how much performances were improved.
